Jfrog platform 1.3.0 (#1895)
DataDog/integrations-extras: jfrog_platform_self-hosted/CHANGELOG.md

> # CHANGELOG - jfrog_platform_self-hosted
> 
> ## [1.3.0] - Jun 26th, 2023
> * Modified installation steps for sending logs, metrics and violations data to Datadog
> * Supporting only OS/VM, docker and k8s forms of installation for JFrog Platform
> * Updated documentation

Reviewer: Please update the changelog to use this format:

```suggestion
# CHANGELOG - JFrog Platform Self-Hosted

## 1.3.0 / 2023-08-11

***Fixed***:
* Modified installation steps for sending logs, metrics and violations data to Datadog
* Supporting only OS/VM, docker and k8s forms of installation for JFrog Platform
* Updated documentation

```

Reviewer: This should resolve your validation issues!

Author: @anawishnoff I've updated the CHANGELOG and the validate repository is still not successful 😢

Reviewer 2: Hey @MahithaB There was indeed an issue with `ddev` that got fixed and released. I've re-run the CI and the latest failure is vaild: its failing because the CODEOWNERS file will need to be updated to reflect the new integration folder name. Once thats updated the CI should pass again. Sorry for the inconvenience there!

Author: @nmuesch thank you. I've changed the CODEOWNERS file to the new integration folder name. I think there is a new error now. Can you please give me more information on that?

Reviewer 2: @MahithaB The service_checks.json file is required even if its just an empty json object. Can you put that file back and add this to the manifest:

```
      "service_checks": {
        "metadata_path": "assets/service_checks.json"
      }
```

Author: @nmuesch Got it, added the service_checks back

Author: @nmuesch  Can you give info the next validation issue

Reviewer 2: Looks like the folder rename requires the codecov file to need to be updated. From the error it looks like you can run `ddev validate ci --sync` and commit the changes to get past it

Author: @nmuesch can I get more info on the next error please

Reviewer 2: This one looks in Ofeks territory so I may not be able to help with specifics. But I think it's because the configuration spec.yaml file is deleted and not in the new folder.

Author: @ofek can I get more information on the current error? Thanks!

# CHANGELOG - jfrog_platform

> All changes to the JFrog Platform (Self-hosted) integration will be documented in this file.

Reviewer 2: Non-blocking nit: This comment was probably added a while back. We actually now show the CHANGELOG directly in the in-app tile! So this sentence can probably be removed since it doesn't make sense in all contexts where this data is shown.

## [1.3.0] - Jun 26th, 2023

> * Modified installation steps for send logs, metric and violations data to Datadog

Reviewer 2: nit:
```suggestion
* Modified installation steps for sending logs, metric and violations data to Datadog
```
